Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to continue from where we stopped.
Now, over here, we're going to have the product name and we're going to have delete icon.
Okay.
Now, to do this, we're going to need to go back to our visa code.
There are going to be doing this within the row, right?
Because we want it to be displayed horizontally.
That is from left to right.
Okay.
But before using their role within this rule writes regular first use a column widgets.
And the reason for this column widget is because over here we're going to have the price of the products.
Okay.
So now we can have the children.
And the first child is going to be a role.
Okay.
And also the children.
Now, what we can do is we can rob this collar widgets with a flexible widget so it takes the available
space.
We okay, now we can use culture and that's what we get.
And this is going to be flexible.
Flexible.
Okay.
Vice culture an associate.
Now the first chart is going to be it says widgets, which is going to be the product name.
Okay.
For now, we can't say dad's name.
Now we can give this some style.
It's going to be chest stye.
We can make this font size system.
We don't want it to be very big.
And we can't say fault tweets.
This can be for tweets that the use isn't read or for all.
You can just go for 500 to be that bold.
Okay, now use culture and that's to save.
Okay.
Go check it out.
Like.
I see.
He's too close to this image.
So what we can do is play it right.
We're going to use the size box, property sized box, and so going to be given the space.
I recently said it's going to be weeks of ten.
Okay.
Is control necessary now and go check it out.
Okay, great.
Now we can have the other widget.
So they had a true cover.
And.
We can just use an equal civic to the billboards because as well as Flutter has this widget known as
icon in.
I can't.
But then as well you can see the stakes and your press.
We can't just leave this empty for now.
Okay.
And for the icon, it's going to be the icon, which adds.
So icons.
Darts.
The elites.
The dates.
Okay.
How did trachoma.
How did you come here?
How did you cover in this culture?
And that's the.
Okay.
Now.
Go check it out.
Okay.
Now we can change the color of this icon.
So this icon, which acts as a property known as color, we can see colors that red.
Okay.
And this controller and this to save.
Now, what you're going to need to do next is we're going to take this icon.
So the right side, I believe you know how to do this, right?
Okay.
So to do this, we're going to go to the row and we can see main axis elements.
Main axis elements.
Dot space between.
Okay.
You're going to see that the right side now.
Okay, great.
Now I stop using this icon.
We can get rid of this and use the icon.
Cupertino.
I can.
Dodds, I think.
Is that lone wolf?
Okay, that's not, like, remote.
What we have is deletes.
They need.
Okay, let's take this to the solid and see.
I like.
Okay.
I think we just have to delete.
Delete left.
Okay.
Let's see.
I think this is.
Acceptable.
Yeah.
So.
Okay.
Now, what you can do is we can just wrap this with the pardon.
Wrap with how there is going to be.
You can't say only wants to take this only from the top four will be ten.
Okay.
Great.
Now, the reason for this column is because we are going to have the price displayed over here.
Right.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See, Dennis, they.